In the previous video, we already learned
about context.
Now, in this video we are going to learn about bootstrap.
If you don’t know what bootstrap is
let’s open the bootstrap site.
Here
we can see that Bootstrap is an opensource
toolkit for developing with HTML, CSS, and
Javascript.
We will use bootstrap to beautify our templates file.
Let’s click get started to see how to use bootstrap.
First, we need to copy this code
and paste it in the head section.
We will put it in the hello_world.html
We also need to copy this code, and put it before the closing body tag
Now let’s open the browser and refresh the
page.
Look, the display is changed.
This is show us that the bootstrap is running.
We will try to add navbar in our website.
Lets open the bootstrap documentation again,
Go to component section and then navbar,
here
we can see some example of navbar.
We will use this, copy the code and paste it to the
our templates file.
Go back to the browser and refresh the page.
Here we can see that we get nice navbar.
Now we have a beautifull page without write
a complex css & javascript. That’s the power of bootstrap.
Now let’s try to change the color of the
navbar, I want a dark color, let’s back
to bootstrap documentation and search how
we can create a dark navbar. Here we can see
some example, you are free to choose yours,
but now I choose dark color. To get dark color,
we need to change the navbar class to navbar-dark
and bg-dark. Let’s back to the visual studio
code and change the class.
Open the browser again and refresh the page.
Cool ! now we have dark navbar as we want.
This is the end of this video, if you want
to explore more about bootstrap, you can read
the documentation and search what you want.
Bootstrap have a very good documentation with
a sample code on it, so we can copy paste
the code and just need to modify a little things.
Thankyou for watching and See you on the next
video.